shard doc improvements (#4993)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/multi_gpu.rst

Lightning currently offers the following methods to leverage model parallelism:

- Sharded Training (partitioning your gradients and optimizer state across multiple GPUs, for reduced memory overhead with **no performance loss**)

> Sharded Training

Reviewer: Would you mind adding some images and maybe even put a link to your blogpost when released.

Author: Absolutely, will do in a followup PR after release :)

Sharded Training still utilizes Data Parallel Training under the hood, except the optimizer state and gradients which are sharded across GPUs.
This means the memory overhead per GPU is lower, as each GPU only has to maintain a partition of your optimizer state and gradients.

The benefits vary by model and parameter sizes, but we've recorded up to a 63% memory reduction per GPU allowing us to double our model sizes. Because of extremely efficient communication,
these benefits in multi-GPU setups are almost free and throughput scales well with multi-node setups.

**Increase Your Batch Size**

Use Sharded Training to scale your batch size further using the same compute. This will reduce your overall epoch time.
Below we use the `NeMo Transformer Lightning Language Modeling example <https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo/tree/main/examples/nlp/language_modeling>`_ to benchmark the maximum batch size that can be fit on 8 A100 GPUs for DDP vs Sharded Training.
Note that the benefits can still be obtained using 2 or more GPUs, and for even larger batch sizes you can scale to multiple nodes.

+----------------------+-----------------------+----------------+

> | Distributed Training | Model Size (Millions) | Max Batch Size |

Reviewer: Can you add % gain ?

Author: Will do!

+======================+=======================+================+=====================+
| DDP                  | 930                   | 32             | -                   |
+----------------------+-----------------------+----------------+---------------------+

> | Sharded              | 930                   | **52**         | **48%**             |

Reviewer 2: Sharded is also DDP, right? so rather "native DDP" and "Sharded DDP"

+----------------------+-----------------------+----------------+---------------------+

**Increase Your Model Size**

Use Sharded Training to scale your model size further using the same compute.
We use the `NeMo Transformer Lightning Language Modeling example <https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo/tree/main/examples/nlp/language_modeling>`_ to benchmark the maximum model size that can fit on 8 A100 GPUs for DDP vs Sharded Training.

> Note that the benefits can still be obtained using 2 or more GPUs, and for even larger models you can scale to multiple nodes.

Reviewer 2: is it exactly the same as above?

+----------------------+------------+---------------------------+---------------------+
| Distributed Training | Batch Size | Max Model Size (Millions) | Percentage Gain (%) |
+======================+============+===========================+=====================+
| DDP                  | 32         | 930                       | -                   |
+----------------------+------------+---------------------------+---------------------+
| Sharded              | 32         | **1404**                  | **41%**             |
+----------------------+------------+---------------------------+---------------------+
| DDP                  | 8          | 1572                      | -                   |
+----------------------+------------+---------------------------+---------------------+
| Sharded              | 8          | **2872**                  | **59%**             |
+----------------------+------------+---------------------------+---------------------+

> It is highly recommended to use Sharded Training in multi-GPU environments where memory is limited, or where training larger models are beneficial (500+ million parameter models).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to use Sharded Training in multi-GPU environments where memory is limited, or where training larger models are beneficial (500M+ parameter models).
```
